
Then they try to spread it everywhere but on "non-equal terms" concerning power and position and some other things. Often also in hyper altruistic christian equality mindset: To the total destruction of thriving of their own and especially over the generations by intermixing with kinds who ARE NOT of that fabric.
Then the thanks they got, for doing this, including having conquered the world, then seen it eaten up and conquered by any other group: Take caribbean islands, why are they conquered by what life? Haiti or Puerto Rico or whatever. Or take USA or Canada even. Or Take ANY CIVILIZATION OF WHITE PERSONS THROUGHOUT HISTORY AND THEIR IDIOTIC ALTRUISM THAT CAUSES THEM TO LOSE IT ALL AND BE LEFT AT THE OUTSKIRTS OF LIVABLE CONDITIONS OF THE NORTH. NOTHING BUT ROCK AND ICE BEYOND US.
Anyway. So. Fuck off. Bill GATES EAT SHIT!
Not joking, you can take south africa: With apartheid, you would have had USA or better conditions. Without apartheid and Mandela rainbow ANC you ended up with trajectory of Zimbabwe and Rhodesia but with more white self-sacrificers willing to 'let it all flow to them'. (Not total disjointedness in actuality).
Let's go with with the low ball of pathological altruism of white persons having had a toll of 1 billion persons in the counter-factual scenario where they were 'harsh altruists' instead. You may call it conjecture, it isn't.
It isn't only The Third World who has suffered. But the total stagnation of trying to progress and having the stability of persons who could since WWII. (Though similar attempts happened in 19th and 20th century (Or perennially before)).
The wanting to state "Now we are saved and sacrifice ourselves for the world; Keeping our stability and strength is evil, when we have it so nice compared to the rest of the world: Thus we will open the gates and give it all to any one and all." and "Now we are comfortable, so let's descend into mindless hedonism".
It isn't "a little bit" that could have been different. It could have been another world entirely. We could have been colonizing the planets. We could have put an end to disease and death.
A Billion is the LOW FIGURE.
And if you take the perennial version and take say Ancient Greece or Rome or any place north of that. Then having refused the above. But kept eyes on progress.
Making all social aspects serve that end "Oh, that makes 'intelligent persons unhappy'. So let's not do that, let's ...". All the social upheaval, all the 'southern charmer coming north and ruining life there with his woman hunting' and so on.
TOTAL WAR. +) ... Ought to have been the answer. Total SLAUGHTER OF EVERY SINGLE PERSON UPSETTING THE FABRIC AND CONTINUATION OF THE LIFE THAT COULD.
It could have saved BILLIONS AND BILLIONS throughout history.
So, Fuck you Bill Gates and the rest of your ilk. Eat shit. And die out.


Why do you have to have it all? Why are we 'evil racists' when we refuse to give our homes away and miscegenate THE LIFE THAT WE HAPPEN TO BE IN A PLACE SOMEWHERE into 'those brown black haired eyed fucks you so love' dear light-featured woman.
Fuck you all. EAT SHIT. BURN IN HELL.


What I am trying to say here is this: "SHUT THE FUCK UP WOMAN! PISS OFF TO YOUR BROWN OR BLACK MEN. FUCK OFF!".

We do NOT HAVE PATIENCE FOR THEM ANYMORE. If they have mostly hate for us. If they feel no love. If they DO NOT WANT TO EVEN SEE EXIST WHAT LIFE WE ARE ANY WHERE ON THE PLANET.
THen Please: For the love of god FUCK OFF!

Secondly: If they fuck off, then we can be 'harsh' to all these subhuman filth of men around the world. And establish for the billions of persons a world where they are not in such grand suffering. And where the Jew rule has disappeared such that 'their well being' is in focus rather than parasitic extraction of the filthy cattle goyim.
When the priest bitch of the Christian (Self-sacrifice doctrine virus inserted by jews into their betters. Their inferiors they simply destroy like so many times in the bible. Especially self-sacrifice in having strength and existing at all: Miscegenation of any lifeform their superior. They find a place that is 'better' then they insert christianity as the 'the good philosophy' see how good it is. (Ignore the judaic part it is not for you goy, but the chosen ones israelite jews). Turn the other cheek. Rich men can't go to heaven. Part all you own. And most crucially: Miscegenate for you are all one. Invite into your lands. Treat a foreigner like your own. And so on. The Evil and Good. The Rich and The Poor. Anyone at all: Expect Jews are special prioritized and chosen. EAT SHIT CHRISTIANS AND JEWS) and Jew are GONE. When the Woman castastring us is gone. Then we can not only survive, but thrive, and with that fix for the many of the world their sad condition.

DIE ROOSEVELT. And NWO.


I DO NOT CARE. I SOLVED IT ALL. I CAN KILL ANYONE I WANT. I CAN CURE ANY DISEASE. I CAN PUT AN END TO DEATH. I CAN DO WHAT EVER THE FUCK I WANT!
    CONQUEST RETURN OF THE EMPIRE YOU ARE ALL IN HELL!

The way I see it:
1) These Systems xor War (Which you will lose).

Why you gotta be so rude. Don't you know I'm human too. I'm gonna marry her anyway. Oh Romeo Oh Romeo.
    Any place. Any sort of progress happens ever. Total biological holocaust and destruction by insertion of equality memes on biological human life lines.
    Doesn't matter if it is in Egypt dynasties, in Babylon, In Greeve, in Rome, in Medieval Europe, in colonies, or USA and Canada or modern world.
    When it is white, it is open. When it is 'other kinds' They simply kill you if you tried. (Sorta.. Mostly. Why are they so homogenous you may wonder, in those vast lands like China and Japan or south asia or india or connected africa. Why are they not in White worlds. Massive phenotypic diversity in 'whites'. End to 'all the kinds that were lost and are the compositions of whites' by convergence of 'whoever were better at making woman breed'. Or castrate the thracian boys and fuck the women. Or prima nocturne and so on. I don't care. I hate everyone.)


If Lebensraum can't be had now. Then you all die. You make room. Or you all die.
I am greedy. I am calamity. I don't care anymore. You all leave to Egypt or Bablyon Middle east. All you 'Europeans' Or else you all die.
Same thing with north america. You all leave. If you're dark featured in any way. You leave or you die. Or if you're pathological altruist. Or if you're piece of shit person Jewy capitalist cunt. Then you leave too. Your own choice. You will die if you stay and you get to live if you leave.
Test: Did you side with Israel during Gaza Israel: Go to Israel. Did you side with Gaza during the conflict? Go to Egypt.
Clearly, both are fucking trash cunts. "Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuruh,...... Iamma send my power into hands of THAT FLAG because THE OTHER FLAG BADDER!" Ukraine Russia too.
FUCK OFF. All you Ukraine supporters: To Ukraine with you or Georgia. You GIVE AWAY POWER TO FUCKING KIKE OVERLORD AND PSYCHOPATH SLAV CREW BECAUSE ... "but p-p-putin bad!" Or else you are a massive supporter of cold war doctrine that has had such extreme casualty costs around the world by constantly doing propaganda, revolutions and then war. Where Ukraine is merely the most recent example and a bit more close to your filthy poisonous homes.

WELCOME TO A WORLD WITH A 0 POSITION. You get a 'somewhere', you don't get what you have taken from me, you evil filthy fucking cunts. Hateful traitorous bitches.
    If you are not a really good person. If you are a traitor cunt. If you're dark featured: Then you LEAVE EUROPE. Follow in the footsteps of Alexander and conquer the middle east or something. But FUCK OFF. If not Europe and USA Canada is for those light featured whites. Then WHERE. I WON. YOU LOST. NOW DIE XOR FUCK OFF.
    If you like 'rap' or 'vaping' or modern culture: FUCK OFF (Go Found Durotar. It should be clear you don't fit what I have in mind.). Go to Dubai or some 'modern' third world place. Egypt will be your happy home.
    The third world has been built. Now you leave. Fuck off.
    We're reseeding Europe in massive eugenetic fashion and full of vibrancy in colours of hair and eyes. The dark will be gone from Europe. In every sense of the word: Inside and out. And all of the malice of the world will be absent. Like a dream of Life and World come true it will be.
    You will leave, I will kill you all if you don't.
    I will begin killing 1000 of the worst of you: From the top positions in opposition of me. Every Day.
    You don't understand, I don't care, I have no patience left anymore. Your hate of me and mine, to the degree of no where and eternal hate and blame for everything. I have no mercy left. I will absolutely kill anyone denying me a world: Europe and USA and Canada. And if you fail you all die in this manner. From the top you are killed every day. I guess we can make it diseased with a lethal and fast-paced trajectory: Black Spot every day on a thousand new ones, giving them weeks to comply and change their ways to submission, or else die.
    All. Over. The. World. China. Japan. Africa. Middle East. Europe. USA. Canada. Australia. New Zealand. It doesn't matter. Every single leadership position of your sad NWO. If they fail to comply, they shall receive the black spot and have weeks to comply and change their ways or die for the next persons to take up the mantle at the head of their snake, then they too shall receive it and choose. On and on. Week after week. Until you all have submitted and I shall have my way: My World.

    I know you well. And I do not mourn the losses of you.

    Now begins the Transition by Death.
    1) Last chance to prove 'light featured men could conquer' or merely 'carve out a home for their lifeforms to exists and thrive'. (If you have any dark feature FUCK OFF)
    2) I do it otherwise
    3) I don't care if you don't have it in you. I will abandon you to the others. And leave you with them. We simply repopulate our world. We don't need anyone at all. So GOOD BYE. OU REVVOIRE.
    4) Keeping any vestige philosophy from modernity like feminism or anything like that: FUCK OFF. If you can't remove it from your internalized conditioning and framing of things. Then fuck off.
        (What is feminism? Equality nonsense. Entirely. But on the lines of 'anything man also woman' absolute lunacy. Castrate your minds and your societies you imbecilic subhuman-by-weakness-woman-whipped filth. Suffrage. Burn in hell. 'Votes' Burn in hell. "Democracy" Burn in Hell.)
    5) As you fuck off. Be happy, You'll have great opportunity to pioneer a new world instead of like algae conquer one that already was. Also, if you're pathological altruist and so very upset with 'white man', then be happy, you get to 'fix it out there'. Be like your colonial ancestors or devils and 'fix it for others' then realize it is 'hard' when you make them your equals in 'what should be done' or 'who gets what' and so on.
        "Hey look. You're suffering and your children are dying because you do jumping sportsball competition instead of farming or building wells or houses. You have to do these thigns if you're going to impregnate 38 different women, you know? And also, remember all the other such children and persons starving. So, you don't get a say, you have to. And if you will not, then at least we'll remove you from fathering anymore children. Bringing anymore dependents and pathological life into the world." Or the less harsh version "Hey. I have a better way we could do things. Want to try?" "Y U Com here evil white woman. Woman no speak. Have baby now.". Whatever. You go try. I can't fucking be bothered with a world of such hateful fucking cunts.
    6) We have sprinkled and showered you all in ways to do it 'better'. For many years. And especially the last 4-5 years on social media and elsewhere.
    
Anyway... Okay. So now you know what will happen. 
War will come. They will not accept it. They will not leave any decent portion of the planet for us or the light featured: The non-black/brown vibrancy whites of the world.
And so life comes and life goes. Nothing to mourn to much. But in the end, a thousand years from now, when they are extinct if they chose to fight us, then we shall remember the tough choices we made that allowed us to claim a world of our own.
I don't want any tolerance. I want total and utter removal of anyone not angelic. In appearence and in person, character, virtue.
I don't want any more cruel or deceitful or even merely unpleasant persons. I want you all 100% removed. Root and Stem.
And if you don't, then you get to die. There is a place for you on the planet. But it isn't in my world. It isn't Mediterraneum. It isn't USA nor Canada. It isn't Europe. Any dark features at all: Including hair, body hair or eyes or anything at all. Or ugly butter faces or crooked noses and so on. All gone.
Absolutely hyper eugenic world populated over a few generations in Europe and those places with all others being killed or removed (Your choices).
I am "a-okay" being the monster that allows for the best of life to have space to become even better in, and now swalloed and submerged in the biology of evil cruel ugly dark like-algae conquering filth. I do not care that I have to be "worse than you" (insofar you don't make MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF ROOM).
It doesn't stain fundamentally when the new generations of THAT LIFE WHICH IS VASTLY SUPERIOR TO YOU is born.
But it would if I didn't, Then they would have that psychopath strain or that dark arab malice or negro chaotic monstrous violence mode at any affront. And so on.
    Bred into them, hidden and tracable sometimes barely at all, other times only by a dark feature here or there or long crooked nose or whatever.
    But gone you will all be. Starting over. (We will have plenty of diversity. The diversity we love and harmonize with and between. But not you lot. That show has been run and tried and you are nothing but evil sadistic fucking monsters taking and annihilating us while blaming us for everything. Not a single place left and not a single innocent kind like the Red/Orange Irish can stand without your scorn and mockery as you see them go extinct. Whether you're dark featured catholic or black negro something or arab loving the conquest in your cruel malevolent nature. Now when you flip it, those red/orange irish barely dare claim any piece of soil for themselves "because it might hurt your FEELINGS NOT BEING ABLE TO TAKE EVERYTHING". I have  NO PATIENCE AND WILL KILL YOU ALL.)

So, "Keith Woods" You will LEAVE IRELAND or YOU WILL DIE.
THE END.


You will have known them now. Which "Keith Woods" got mad, which ones said: "You too, the difference between us brother, yours too.".
    You will have known who your enemies are and who can be your brothers.
    Space? Made room? Saw beauty in a world of 'brothers kind' even when it meant exclusion of themselves by the 'difference between them'.
    Name: Aragon. The other's: Viggo. One inherits Gondor and becomes King (Georgia will probably be The White City location). The other faces The Road Movie.

Again, I don't mind their fury and anger, the more they want war the easier it will be to simply kill them.
    Thank you for making me guilty of your total annihilation of us.


All the Nations of Europe. All the Nationalists: You will have to find another thing to live for than the land. I will claim it all. You will ALL BE REMOVED.
    You're a THORN IN MY EYE breaking up what beauty I see to become.


In a hundred years: When Neo-egypt (My one brother) is in splendor. When Babylon and Greater Israel (my phenotype too (crooked nose and butter face etc. Jewy trash)) has created their Kingdom of Heaven etc. When all of Europe and USA and Canada has become of light-colours and vibrancy. When they too live and thrive in forested lands of our blood-born lands. Then we shall thank our ability to be the worst monsters ever.
Made Room For Life I truly find beautiful. And allowed for total destruction of their enemies. And pushing back such that all those I see can be and become.

No tolerance: The erring will be on "less light" side now.
    No more: "I can trace ancestry in these lands for 65400 years!" bullshit. Woah, congrats, mulatto man.
    Instead: EXACTLY THAT. PURITY. And I am not having this dark feature shit or ugly shit or cruel/evil personality shit anymore in these lands: New Zealand, USA, CANADA and Europe. Not having the 'romeo romeo' or we're all the same. Bullshit anymore resulting in yet another iteration of doom.

    "Ugly shit so shallow". Okay. Bring about self-hating life. Bring about brittle and unable to burn with passion for each other life.
        The Peahen sees the Peacock feathers and is mesmerized, there isn't another animal that could come close to enamourating the peahen like the peacock: They are Robust. I am removing it all. And yes, including "small penises" and so on. Woman look like what in "big energy" and so on? I am tired of it all..
        Removing everything. Leaving only HYPER holistic eugenic specimen for repopulating those lands towards The Dream of Aryan Life. All else is removed: We must go. And in so doing, we can "fix" the shit world or merely pioneer new worlds instead of crowding the lands of Aryans. (People of Varna(Colours) (Those that are not dark featured but have colours that isn't gray-scale: all the light colours of whites (Again, you brown fucks, be mad, and i will kill you)))
        The Sublime Dance: Life that grows into loving of the sexual dimorphic parts to it.
        Thus, Woman who 'hated racist men of their own': Be gone. We or you or they, don't need them.
        For all their goodness, that particular fault of lacking love for their own. Lacking passion or eros or sexual lust for their own.
        Lacking even love for their very own children of their own flesh and blood; not the mongrelized into a new kind or another kind.
        You, we, they don't need them: Life grows exponentially, then environment limits upon reaching capacity: Modernity terms that means room to grow or space. Land. Lebensraum. So, for all their goodness otherwise: Be gone.
        A single woman is in principal enough to repopulate it all. Al-mother.
        You loved another kind of life. You didn't strive for the light. So be gone. We want life that strives for the light and each other.
        Married and had children with another lifeform. Towards another direction than towards Light. So be gone.
        It can not get any worse than it already is. So. Doom is here. We swallow the world if they will not leave.

        >>> You do you. I will not. I remove us all. <<< I leave only THE DREAM. Then exponential repopulation with eyes fixed on eternal visions of what it should be. Who it should be. How many it should be.

I begin the killing. But, I guess it will still take a while to get the exodus going to "rest of the world" from the West.


Something less greedy I guess is possible. But, I will absolutely take it all like so, if you fail to be charitable in the territory you're willing to allow for the above dream.
Absolute minimum: Ireland, British Isles & Scandinavia. If that isn't easy to get for the above dream. Then France and Germany too. If that proves 'violently resistant' Then Canada and northern US as well. On and On. Until they eat it -- Having to take a 'loss' by letting their 'supposed brothers' also have their own land aiming for The Dream of their Life. Or supposedly the life they claim to honor as their ancestors (Then don't make your Gods Sif of Golden Hair and so on; Or Blue Eyed Athena And so on. Oh so sorry maybe it only means "The Greek word glaukos (Ancient Greek: γλαυκός) generally means "gleaming," "glimmering," "greyish-blue," or "bluish-green"." ......................).


Alternatively: Like US Indigenous reservations: at least 3% of any type of territory in those lands scattered across them for that dream. You can 'cover it as Extinction Rebellion Return to Natvre'

Or the first. Or the second. Or the Third. Or something fourth. But show some 'brotherly love' charitable during extinction rebellion?


Or these systems and working together to leverage "room for it all" but also charitable space for "eternal vision of dream of that life". And if not forests of Europe and Canada/norther-us and New Zealand (Perhaps surfer somewhere as well). Then I don't know where their home would be. Really their home. Synergestic with all of it. Climate and nature. Pontic Steppe fields?

Anyway. How would these systems deal with the above? How would they deal with it in terms of say 100,000 persons ultimatum total disjointedness actuality wanting the above. Or willing to wage war. Total war. Or blow up the world with their nukes if refused. Or unleash a deadly virus to scourge the earth and kill off everyone then start anew.

How would they deal with it, if 0 position insisted: Doom xor Exodus. Lonely World post hoc. But who cares. Perhaps they would try to then kill or leverage against anyone not in strong opposition of it. Seek to make all the land claimed entirely void of human life, any life that agreed to live within it: attemped killed or total sabotage against. Or at least poise them with: Choose All the rest of the world. Xor claimed world by 0 position. Defiance against the God that wants them out and far away.

Who knows. Who cares. It doesn't matter if the world was only that large.

And of course: 0 position person can of course simply kill everyone and start anew. Kill everyone but perhaps some children who will not understand what happened. Then start over like Adam and Eve and populate the world anew.

Watch the Movie Prometheus. You are all a mistake if you fail me.

Jon Petersson using "four neonazi killing a 14 year old boy. Like Columbine. Or Oskar Paul Dirlewanger . And so on." as "haha you're so evil if you want to exist and see your own children live again".
You die you piece of shit. All of you Dark Featured fucking serpentine genociders. You're all going to die.
    I have the fountain of youth. You're never getting it. Have your life. But you'll not live here or else you'll be killed.
    Never ever fucking sharing it with you.
What did you think would happen? Endlessly attacking any ability to have habitat, no matter how deviously you find ways in which to reframe any resistance or persons who "like the imagery of the devil of your universe" doing personal dispute acts of violence or murder.
You filthy fucking rats. I have no words for you lot. But gone you will be. Total disjointness. Different World.
So I looked up an image of the murderers. A jew and a Mulatto something neo-nazi.
Even if it was 'aryan dream boys'. What is the full context here? You've robbed any place on the planet of a world for them and theirs and left it for ANY ONE AT ALL. Any sort of rat and monster.
Even if it was only "Romeo oh Romeo" as you love to taunt with imagery in your hollywood productions, then still, it ends at some point, the patience. It isn't rude to mock with sexual conquest like so. It is absolutely unacceptable and we will utterly murder you dark haired brown eyed "brothers".
You make space. Or you die. And you keep taunting with movies or art (3000 years of this) of you with "our" or their women. And we are not friends. Obviously.
You are enemies. The worst kind. That claims to be brothers and stabs us in the back throughout all time. Until we're extinct.
I absolutely hate you all.
You simply can't help it. Oh you Conan Barbarian. Oh you Romeo.
Or the arab version: "Haha then we sadistically took their women and castrated their boys. hahahahahah" Literally every single arab man is like that.
How do they react upon conquest, however sadistic. How do they react upon raped harem haram girls. And so on.
They absolutely love this hyper sadistic conquest -- when mixed with sexual destruction as well then they're in heaven.
But I'll send them to their heaven. And it is absolute 100% removal from anything I have to offer. 100% transitivity. Any and all arab men. Total absence of my existence. Different worlds. Suffer it all. Go die.
Fucking perkere.

Hvis I ville have haft fred, skulle I ikke have elsket at erobre os. I fucking usle udskum. I bliver udslettet fra denne Planet.
    Igen... Fordi historien siger hvad? Om det så er archaemmid eller ummayah eller Ottomanerne. Det samme ugudelig sadisme and fryd.
So, You will get nothing, you will be left in the desert of Saudi Arabia. All of you. Whether you're in USA, or South America, Or Europe or north africa or Egypt or Mesopotamia or Persia. You will ALL be absolutely BOOTED BACK INTO THE HELL HOLE YOU CAME FROM YOU VIPERS OF THIS WORLD.

You may think it is "messy", but I've made you obsolete, armies of the world.
    I am like you all, but I am much more precise, less collateral.

Wait. Sorry. I found a purpose for you. All the gooey eyed whites. Traitors and so on. You will have to live with them. In the middle east. But any 'evil of yours' like "mooor!" decapitation of scandinavian girls in moroccan hills is booted far away and into Oman or Yemen or Saudi Arabia.

Nevermind. I want all of North Africa. You're all getting booted from it. Also all of Anatolia and much more. Byzantine empire coming back. Then it is your time to flee into Saudi Arabia, like Byzantines fled into Europe and Russia. But again, I kill from the top, not the bottom, like you.
You kill with glee the best and most noble hearted, I kill my worst enemies and those in power against me.
You castrate and enslave, use as cannon fodder and deceit into accords Only to be betrayed like any semite.

I take the bait: Prince of Norway charged with rape Anonymous (ID: rwywOiti)  08/18/25(Mon)15:49:45 No.513366808▶>>513366909 >>513367065 >>513367166 >>513367237 >>513367341 >>513367385 >>513367440 >>513367509 >>513368114
4 rapes, 32 counts. What else did he do? Norway has a rape problem and this is what it looks like.

Rape -- Definition.
Rape -- Accusatation.
Rape under bad definition and true accussation -- This is what it looks like during a time of what.
Even if it looked like -- Purity spiral and mix mongrelizations hidden in purity spiral I suggest.

You fail on all accounts You imbecile fucking moron pencil dick troons.
Fucking retard intelligence agencies.

So fucking tired of you. But you're no on the list to kill yet.


I take the bait again.
""
Why do you think Vance was a beta greasy haired fatass loser while Newsom was an alpha giga Chad?

Does past history predict the future?
""



You all have to decide: Try to work against me and die or not -- but then bite the apple of The World becoming smaller. In particular those lands I claim for that particular life Dreamt that isn't you. And if you're a "good boy or lassie" then you get to live forever and get however many chances at "being part of interesting things" that isn't your own two hands and mud or whatever the fuck you and your kind are capable of.
Boo hoo. The horror. But my hooligan sportsball emotion of the land makes me unable to part it for .. Which life.
And so these persons spoke every single where. Any where. Always. In any place they were found. In every place they then managed to prevent any kind to survive them but that which bred differentially most and became the convergent type of some cultural or cilivizational legacy.

Be my enemies. PLEASE. I want to kill all of you who actually want it. But might choose to decide to gamble I can't kill you.
    >>> PLEASE be my enemies so I get to in full rigtheous justified fury. <<<

Now imagine that, killing the head of snake every single time. Instead of pompous pricks in commanding offices sending the thousands, hundreds of thousands or millions of often boys to kill and die for them.
A lot more TIDY.

There are facts of the universe one must simply accept. Serenity Prayer.
Grant me the courage and strength to change what I can, and the constitution to bear what I can't; bless me with the serenity by means of the wisdom to know the difference.
Child getting cancer, car accident and so on. Tornado. What do I know.
Now, so too this: I am YOUR GOD. Defy me and die.

My will is: SUFFER YOUR OWN WILL. But you can't have it all. You get a LIMITED DEGREE OF DAMAGE TOWARDS OTHERS OR PREVENTING THEIR WILL OR EVEN EXISTENCE AS YOU IMMIGRATION LOVING BASTARDS DO. (Or "conquering" enemies)

You get a world of your own making. No Inheritance of the old world. Away with you. Into the newly built third world. There you can take theirs or build your own.
    But you will get BARELY ANYTHING FROM ME.
    I spoke 1234♠♥0♠♥4321 Or something. And I'll stick to that. Insofar you are not an obstacle in the transition to such Merciful conditions.
    But should you prove yourself to be an obstacle: Then these rules have not been applied yet and you will die.
    A bump on the road.

If you're wondering why I don't kill the worst scum on the planet: I want them to confess. There is no joy in Epstein death. No carthasis. No lessons.
    So, They get to choose, all of them: Submission with confession and consequent relation to all persons on the planet change.
    Or else death: Kill Yourselves.

    Also, I can't reveal myself to the many. I prefer to simply make it "very dangerous" to be at the head of any snakes, no matter ifyou call it "democracies " and "only serving as the will of the people" or whatever else. If you're at the head, in command, then you're subject to being killed.
    In terms of systems in charge: Lul. I've already won.

Gavin Newson: Oh so chad and married Light Woman.
Vance: Oh so gooey butter and swarthy melatonizations around eyes (arabic/semitic eye sockets) etc.
????? Hence you racists of 4chan or maga or whatever should support Gavin!
???? Both are my enemies. Neither had to be. But they chose to. One by marriage another by refusal to sufficiently align.
DANGEROUS DAYS. EMPIRES WILL CRUMBLE AND FALL. I hope your food stocks are ready to ship.


"He's the single greatest american thinker of our time. Why aren't you reading his books right now?"

"Black anon here. Something I'll never understand is the gatekeeping of the term "native American". In the functional and objective sense I am native to America. My families ethnogenesis happened in the Americas prior to the founding of modern nation states including the US. I have no ties to any other nation, yet if I state the fact that I'm native to America it's treated as a conspiracy theory.

What is the reason or purpose for this quirk of American social labeling?"

Blah blah Nativity. What is. Really is. What would be awesome. Will against will. You dream yours. Let's see how mutually exclusive it is.
    Then we see Will against Will. "I am native to Americas... Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurh". We'll see.
    It is mine. ALL MINE!. You can't EXCLUDE ME IN AMERICAS! I am Native there! (Also I'll be welcomed as brother in Africa. But Native to no other place!)
    Anyway. Obviously. Your argument has no weight on whether I want you to be "native to americas" or "allowed to roam in Americas".
    Where do you think it would be a better world to have "your 'good ethnogenesized american-negroes'"?
    I am serious. Why does "your presence makes most persons not want to be there too"? I mean, most men.
    I guess women flock to you.
    So, you'll see, your mutual exclusion of will. Dynamism of who where will come, in ways that isn't "ree whiteys you ruined the world now you can have no place." Or "ree whitey we like you. You evil man father telling Juliett not marry me romance romeo"..
    Why you gotta be so rude? Why you gotta insist on conquest like algae. "Mix it up!" Blandda up!
    SWARTHED. BLACKED. DARKENED. BROWNED.
    Well, what if we don't want to become you. What if we want space as well.
    ???
    RUDE! OMG RACIST! JULIETT SPEND YOUR LIFE RUINING THE LIFE OF ANY MAN RESEMBLING YOUR RACIST FATHER!!!!
    FUCKING TRAITOR BITCHES! I WILL RIP YOU FROM OUR BLOOD WHERE EVER I FIND YOU.

Let me suggest to you: Had you not been such hateful cunts; and all - every single other kind - been enemies to us. Then we could have had the systems without the coming chapters of 40's. Where it is DEATH SUFFERING AND HURT.
Had there not been a >4000 year history of you doing this perennially whenever you get the chance and proving it in our lifetimes: Then perhaps I would have shared something with you. But, you are that, you are my enemy: Dear Brothers and everyone else. So I share nothing. I give you nothing.
So, there isn't going to be any charity. There isn't going to be mercy: It is submit or die. It is comply or face the catastrophic consequences.


You all get one chance. To not lose it all. But if you fail. Everytime I have to kill the head of the snake. I take more in my goal of taking or claiming space: Lebensraum.
Should you fail now, then consequences for all your kind. Again and again. Each time your head of your snake fails to comply.

For now: Make room for these systems.
I write this section, in Neo-colonialism for a reason: You all, every, single country: MAKE ROOM FOR NEW WORLD ZONES. The Crucible Nations.
Wherein I sit as 0 position root nest level. So I can deny access of settlement against sense.
This will instantly provide Neo-colonial The Crucible zones to settle "alternative worlds in".
And if you fail: I begin disease and plague upon you. Giving you some weeks to change your mind.

So take South Sudan or some shit hole country like that: Alternative Zones The Crucible Triads. Causing what for the 11 million on the run from monkeys who have been supplied with guns. Sorry bazookas, tanks and jets. Sorry cutting edge Drone tech.
    I don't care what you think, I absolutely will destroy the head of the snake again and again until I have all power-positions submitted and complying to my every command at whim of will. You choose which hill to die upon and see my will against your ilk worsen.

Ready for murders and death of Heads of Snakes around the World? Until TOTAL SUBMISSION.
    Task One: Make Room in your Territory/Dominion. Part it. Release it. Allow it to become Crucible lands under my nest (123404321)
    Fail: Death.
    Isn't it nice to feel the responsibility you bear at the head of these snakes? Every day your actions cause persons to suffer and die.
    Now you get to feel the real and raw burden of the crown you wear.
    And, no, Western leaders, you are not at all exempt. Massive amounts of death and suffering in the west. And also from the west spread elsewhere.
    Now you get to feel the weight of it: Your lives are at risk. You fail and you die.

    Let's take Israel and Iran as two examples:
    1) For Israel and Lebanon, you must plant trees and vacate Old Phoenicia. Leave it uninhabited but nature reserve land. (Basically my phenotype in Phoenicia)
    2) Iran: 
        a) Allow for Persia to live again without Islam. Your choice. Persiopolis or closer to the coast. Some area there allowed to be Persia. (You imagine Xerxes or Persia ancient empire cross roads as you want. We'll see. But it will not be plain arab. Guess it could be something like Academic Agent Phenotype. Makes sense to me. And the Persian Gulf and Persiopolis is awesome legacy to embody or inherit. So quit whining you absolute fucking filthy bitches. Boohoo. I can't slither conquer all the planet. Reeee.)
        b) North Western Part plant trees there as well in some sizable portion. New nature reserve. (I am thinking my other brother phenotype there)
    
    Now let that be inspiration for how you can "wedge" the parting of land in around the world.
    I don't care what your flag or ideology or party is. You stand against me, and you suffer, disease and die.
    Weight of the responsibility you bear.

Non-complying mass of populations. As is expected with France, Germany, Italy and Russia. Perhaps Canada and northern US.
    Well: Total and utter starvation. Plagues of Egypt. Ruin and Poverty. Enjoy +)
    I guess Petersson and such fools will also object, but they will be killed. I mean it. They are the ones who will be Kringsatt av Fiender this time.
    Or what is the name of Nordfront leader? He probably will refuse he isn't Aryan (of colour). He is far to mongrelized. He will probably refuse that he isn't "the dream of Scandinavia" and so, these persons will simply be killed. Talk the Talk. Walk the walk.
    It isn't always clear how to walk it. But it is easy to not be an obstacle and be ready to prong out.

"Sydney Sweeney ad" exemplifies what?
You choose who you want, the men or the women, but when the men says: No more. And you keep going and prowling and preying on their women and even daughters.
    Then you position yourselves as enemies to men. Despite the fact that they are too much of pussies to kill their own traitors. Such that they can kill you too.
    But trust me: The second 'the big daddy order' collapses. There will be MILLION STRONG army of men trying to kill you.
    You can't go about destroying all they love for generations or ages, then expect no retaliation.
    You can't make them go extinct without 'a few of them' willing to fight back.
    Convert to extinction world or die. Said the christain crusader to the north man.
    I mean liberal capitalist world. I mean communism. I mean whatever intermediary memetic tool they used to justify the gates open and the pussy prowling to persist until all was swarthed and darkened or browned or even blackened.
    I flip it all. Your turn. Enabled not because you're good persons and we're snakes making you believe it is good. No. Because I will kill every leader who works against me. +)

    Fundamentally, your ways: "Oh you're so evil if you ¬equality 'some group of persons'". Which opens up the non-discrimination and biological and civilizational entropy with the inferiors. The cruel and malevolent. The useless and inept. The backwards and ugly.
        With the worst having free roam under the tool of bigot, racist, devil, pagan or whatever word they can use against anyone denying them the equality.
        The sharing of the land and women and wine. And so the worst get vast preferential room to unfold their taking and robbing.
        Meanwhile, once even they have PROVEN TO BE SUCH PERSONS, the equality doctrine strikes again and claims: "No no. It is actually everyone else's fault. Especially those who are Good and have made a lovely place to live in. Happy and Eudaimonic. Those are the one's to blame. And we need to protect the evil one's from them. Give them goods and most importantly pussies galore. Babies babies babydaddies".
    Fundamentally, my ways: "I will kill every leader who oppose my changing it all into: Light wins. Outwards Pressure. Not Inwards. Good heart wins. Good soul. Beauty wins." You want to stand outside my world. You can in terms of what I told you. The mercy I have pleaded for and begged for all my life: "To allow simply a single shire where I can have peace from the daily defeat and conquest.". This too I extend to you. But the Roaming vast "open world". Well. I change it. You oppose me. I kill you. In fact, I offer much more than a shire. xD I extend teh mercy of me not losing and where I have plenty of room on the planet to see the life I love live and grow. Without the rest of you. That's my victory. These systems describe the magnitude of my mercy. You utter alien evil cruel creatures of the world. To whom I shall forever deny anything from me to flow towards. HIPPIE CUNTS! You get to fucking "live your kumbaya love world with equality for all and everyone" You absolute stupid cunts.
    Already, told you, if you're nationalist or whatever, it doesn't help you, if you fail to leave the lands I claim for the life I want to live there.
        You fail that: You die. If you FAIL TO UNDERSTAND AND COMPLY WITH THAT YOU ARE NOT THE LIFE I WANT TO LET INHERIT "THOSE LANDS" THEN YOU DIE.
    
    As I said before: Your say MAY HAVE SWAY. Show me something beautiful. The whole world in your eyes and order. The Vision of it all.
        Let me see your charity. Let me see the beauty of your visions. Then I will decide if I will let it sway my decision.
        But if you simply refuse, Viggo, then you face the Road and you will Die.
    
        This isn't our lives. This is eternity. This is what will be in the next thousands of years. I do not care about us.
        You're in the way: Dead.
    
    So, we shall see.

I guess we can try this: I will make "persons I like of any races". Then from this room made by all nations complying "reclaimed extinction rebellion nature reserves". I shall send persons from "these persons"-pool to these "reservations" (granted it is reasonably safe).
    Then they will found and pioneer new colonial (to The New World Triad of mine) zones. Lands. Countries. Whatever: Triads.
    Then Head of the Snake next layer will be all of "big business and capital". They too will feel the weight of their crown.
    And they too will be subject to 'cruelty and hurt' if they fail. Until I have all such enterprise under my thumb as well.
    My boot on their neck, right where I want them.
    Then, they will suddenly, across industries have "greater expenses", perhaps new nature tax, perhaps simply donations, perhaps simply some extra costs on all their purchases: Who knows. From that extra cost the money will flow to these colonies to buy material and machinery for construction of new VISIONARY BEAUTIFUL WORLDS. These will be the "cores" from which "alternatives" to local populations who do not thrive in the countries they live can escape to.
    The Crucible Nesting of Triads with "the core local root" being these initial funded places.

    There is a degree of Lumen question as well. Do we want to hurt them with knowing they can be killed in any way at any moment?
    Or do we merely want to present to them a harsh brute junta or fascist face that is willing to hurt capital or powerful persons if they don't comply to "national command". (Old World talk).
    Think Anger Management, but where Jack Nicholson is "The State" and under total impunity. That is how we will treat them, until they too have submitted. In every single country where I gain submission at the head of the state and the surveilling mastodont capital.

    Aka: Next layer of submission. Though I don't care if they know. It is their hurt. Psychological torture.
    "Should I go near the cliff?" (Dangerous position 'oh an accident oh nooo...')
    "Do I dare do this or that. What if Demiurge dislikes it?" (All motives are robbed of their own will and all become 'what does the demiurge want')
    These things are a sort of small death. I don't care. If you want to make the whole world directly try to please me. Be my guest.
    It will get bad over time. Total sycophantic world. "Oh the joy of everyone constantly trying to fulfill my will and not their own".
    Yeah, well, for me, not so much others. So..
    You don't believe me? Then wait until it isn't only death or living I offer. Total. Sycophantic. World.
    I don't want it. (Because I don't want them all not to live themselves. But if it is to happen: I am the only one who wins xD)
    Suffice to say: layers of domination. Think MAGA 13th families and World Monarch meme.

Also: I want the "maximize happiness and minimize suffering" crowd to see the optimal system of that at play.
    Including such side effects as that car you bought would make another happier and reduce suffering more.
    Etc.

"""
>be me
>18 y/o
>shit happens, end up disabled
>doc paperwork + hospital stays basically wrote my ticket
>since then I’ve been NEETmaxing hard

once you’re in the system, you’re set. monthly bux + insurance, zero wagie hours.
I never had to go through the soul-crushing wagie pipeline — no "2 years at walmart" no "college debt." straight into NEETlife.
"""

Yeah. Well. You and the universe now.
You and whoever will directly let you leech on them.
No more enslavement of 'those can bear the others'.
The "flying from the nest" of the masses of the world. State enslavement ends: Choice comes.
Harsh rough wake up ice shower for the soft masses of the west to come: Oh well. There is a world for them to run to by then. Or so I hope.
    Else it may get dirty.

You can say, if the systems were live, then "it wouldn't get dirty", but it would be easy for persons to "cave into the will-equilibrium" of say leaving for another place but then ending Their Long Road Starvation and Plaguelands World.
But.. The Systems are not live. So it is "hard" to "suddenly" have a change of heart and see it manifest. So the starvation and plague may be ruinously lethal.
    Beyond those willing to die on the hill and suicide. Hunger strike it out in the hunger games of will-manifestation leverage.


I take the baits.
"My prime minister Mette mink should be in prison and the death penalty should be on the table. And yes that is the same woman who holocausted all our mink."
She did indeed, with her ilk, play might is right games, like they usually do: forced immigration or selling out of land to others. Or expropriation of homes and land for "festivals". Or things like "social contract ending. we'll lie lie lie and end industries we don't like however we can. Which happens to be to kill off the mink once and see the end of recurrence for creatures in such suffering".


I take the bait until you're all cross-eyed .
""Are woman even capable of love? Literally everything I know about woman especially white western woman screams they are not worth it at all and I’d be better off alone. Why do they suck so damn hard? All I want is a partner and equal I can love but all I’m left with subhuman whores.""
"Women" are imaginary social construct xD. They are "a development pathway of lifeforms" that causes them to be sexually compatible with other life for sexual-productions. When you speak about "women" you mostly speak about "humans". It is that stupid. "Humans are like" insert your statement about details of psychology and so on. Mostly they are "a lifeform". And you happened to mate up with a psychopathic or hyper-self-interested lifeform. But you believed she couldn't possibly be as bad as "men" often are; because: Women are Wonderful (effect). And so you believe "such behaviour should paint women".
    >>> When it fact, it almost always merely paints that lifeform she is. <<<

"Mahya Nikzad 'martyred'".
1) She wasn't martyred. She became a victim to the power struggle of monkey-men.
2) I don't mind killing you all who do these collateral untidy ways of killing.

Be my Pet. Be part of my Perfect Circle. Be my Tool. Then you'll be safe. Safe and ignorant.

Another "weight of your crowns": See [Removal of Men By Force And Fascism](34.%20Removal%20of%20Men%20by%20force%20under%20cover%20of%20fascism.md).
    Will be the 'random acts of the unacceptable'. Whether it is rape of our women or girls. Or acid attacks. Or killings. Or malevolent beatings or with great negative outcomes forseeable. All of this: No. Fucking. More. We do the crime of having "cell membranes"/borders between different regions of "the world" or "our world" or "your world". Will make it all drop to zero in a month. Which is at least some thousands a month saved from death. And many more rape and beatings that has brain-impact.
    Then with Triads The Crucible suicide will drop.
    And with submission of power persons across the planet: lifestyle stuff will drop massively. Since business can no longer "win in the market" by accepting to make their products poisonous or inflict plaguing damage to the land and persons in it.

This is especially the case in places like Africa: Take the shed-housing outside of johannesburg or praetoria in South Africa.
    These men are to live alone with each other. Not with women to reproduce their malice with. Goodbye. Hope they like a free world without women.
    Hunger Games Zones. (Later you can 'save your babies'. For now they are simply not tolerated a risk. Same thing with ANC and all those "kill the boer". Walled off. Away from Boers and so on. Into their own little zulu-kill-mode zone. But they don't get to bring about children to then suffer their malice and later embody their malevolence. Castration. End to Lifeforms: Spreading my Genocidal Wings. "REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!! That is so Hypocritical!!!" Stfu. What can you imagine that makes the difference. What isn't "equal" about the cases. (Later: You can save your babies. Castrated for now. If they keep proving to be such cruel life. Then they will not reproduce ever. (Let me tell you about the Angel forensic squad of South Africa. Or the cannibalism and torture that africa was full of when colonialists first came there: Or still is. If they can get away with it. They get to 'self-identify' fractally and prove "they are different" all of them. But I am NOT TAKING CHANCES AND SACRIFICING GOOD PERSONS OR CHILDREN FOR YOUR BELIEFS AND DELUSIONS. They must PROVE THEY ARE SOMETHING ELSE. In their own small pockets of existence and life 'combinations of lifeforms' or whatever.)))

    You are ALL totally MISGUIDED in where to be merciful and where to harsh. You are harsh by self-delusion to the most innocent and best to the degree of TOTAL ANNIHILATION OR UTTER EXTREME SUFFERING. While praising and babying the absolute worst. I am your opposite you delusional cunts.
    I "segment" and let them "prove what they are". While ensuring they can't harm anyone else while they are in that state.
    "OMG You are talking about ending a human race! Or subrace! Or kind of humanity in a deep sense! You're so evil!"
    Meanwhile: "HHAHAHAHGAHAHAHAAHAHTHE IRISH ARE ALMOST GONE!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH We're WInning Boyhs!"
    Eat. Shit.
    Or: "OMG you're so evil you care about such things. We're all the same don't you know! I'll spite you by having babies with my baby black lovers!"
    Eat. Shit. And Be gone. FOREVER :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD

    I so DEARLY HATE YOU.
    The only moral compass in "our women" (Or most of our life?) seem to have been to spite and destroy us. I mean "The Evil Imagery of The World Presented to Them by Jews, masochistic hippies, christians and so on. Any sadistic outsider or person seeking to get gibs from the enslavement scheme of the west".
    I am OVER YOU! GOODBYE. We don't need you. We need a few and eyes on eternity while having conquered vast lands. Then Hyper holistic eugenics.
    GOODBYE!

    And TOUGH LUCK. You can whine and cry. But I WON!
    VENI VEDI VICI.

"can i get a rundown of the leo frank case?
did he do it? how does the adl relate? why are all sources on this subject jewish?"
Difference from "whites" and just about anyone else: Total loyalty to the worst of their own against others.
    Where we're the opposite: Total and utter malice towards anyone of our own when claimed to be evil against others.
    Happened to be: "The Men of Ours" were claimed to be evil. Guess what: I'll be it. I take up the task. Unstained masses of "mine". Will never have to.
    Unpolluted by my cruelty. Willingness to utterly destroy anyone standing in the way of them. In the way of me.
    The more you fight, the more I choose to take.
    From Aragon to Viggo.
    From Transylvania to booted the fuck out of anywhere near my worlds or worlds I care about.
    Fight me. Please. Your DOOM. Let me have that moment, where I get to destroy you. Where I feel justified personally. Individually. Person to Person.


"Would You Get Behind A Gay Right Wing Leader? "
Hint for the stupid: Pragma. Civilization.
    Scale of where what applies. Planetary anti-gay attempt: Fail.
    Homely anti-gay attempt: Success. Easily.
    Sea anti-gay attempt: Success. Quite reasonable to achieve.


"All Thai female workers in Israel sexually assaulted"
So why do they stay?...
    And if they can't live in their own countries. They have to earn money to feed their children. Then who the fuck were the monsters that could see it coming but didn't stop the inept from breeding their own misery.
    I have no mercy for it.

    They flip responsibility on its head: "First we commit. Then we plan". Or "First we make dependencies. Then we panic and call everyone else evil."
        No. On your knees. Then we fix it for you. But also PREVENT YOU FROM MAKING DEPENDENCIES and HEADLESSLY BREEDING.
        VISION. Eternity. Dream. Then figure out what life to summon by union of which flesh and where that new spirit belongs in that vision.
    
    Irresponsible fucking "liberal ideals".


"Charged with sex-crimes against children".
    Always this needlessly ambiguous language for political ends.
    What. The. Fuck. Does. It. Mean. You stupid fucking goy masses of the world.
    Idiotic Cattle swaying with the tune of any lunatic wishful extrapolation of ambiguous content fed to them in clearly designated serpent pits of manipulation agencies and actors.
    If your courts DENY YOU KNOWLEDGE OF SUCH CRIMES. Then ask yourselves, why you can not be informed about who "beat and tortured and raped til their insides were bloody then spat and shat upon an 8 year old child" and who "took a leak on a playground at night" or "had sex with a 17 year old slut queen".
    "REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! THEY MUST BE LUMPED TOGETHER!!!! REEEEE!!!! EQUALITY! CATEGORIES! CASTRATE YOUR MINDS!"
    Fucking crazy insane shit world.
    Hint: BMI and Christian. What. The Fuck. Does it mean. You have the categories. Grand, now what is ALL THE OTHER INFORMATION you can see about them?
        "Sexual assaulted" "raped" "groomed" "sex-crimed".
        In this case, the word for, what, getting neat and tidy "grooming", becomes the word used for gangs that lure small girls into prostitution and drugged up and beaten and used as fuck meat by scores a day.
    Makes sense. You insane babel world.

So take this one: https://i.4cdn.org/pol/1755537288140378.webm
    Negro. What does it mean. Would it be the same if the other negro had won?
    The Crucible says: You decide who you want to "live with". Then prove to me or us what you are.
    You name yourselves. Idenitity as "equal life" or "sorta equal lifeforms" or "we like living together because in some essential way we are alike or fell in love and wanted to make our own world and see the convergence of our union of flesh over time". Grand. Do it. Be gone. Have fun. Enjoy.
    Then show us what you are. And all of this becomes PERFORMATIVE if you tell anyone what to be. Or what is good. So instead: All I ever should have said in terms of morality was this: 123.

    Now if you want to prevent such things:
    1) Let me sort persons harshly.
    2) Let person themselves sort fractally.

    They simply are too retarded to know the devil behind the eyes of another. And sometimes they delude themselves into thinking Ted Bundy or a total dysbeast-monster is actually a misunderstood baby in need of love, then surely it will be saved.
    This is COMMON. And you mix it with "spiting the Devil" and it is so enticing for these rebellious women. (Sometimes also men)
    You give in to the lies of the rebel and you'll free yourselves of me.


"who's the world's best pedophile, if we know the worlds worst?"
Peter Scully. And While I agree he is grotesquely sinister.
    Dark web service of selling hurt-core porn. NoLimitsFun and so on. Destruction of Daisy -- his two 18-19 year old philipine girls who did the torturing and killing.
Who protects him? Whites wishes to see him dead? Hate to have been stained by being lifeforms related to such monstrosity.
You tell me, the occurence or prevalence of such acts in different places of the world. By different persons.
    Fritzl etc. Babies died there as well.


And you tell me who are like that. Or at least this: Whether you would prefer to have them "removed from a free roam world of yours".
    In case you do, why don't you try to answer the first question: How are they.
    Oh, you short circuit and say "It could be any one any where. Life and reproduction has no reality. We are totally random emergence of new souls. Only events in our lives causes us to do this or that.".
    I do not care: Use any information. And especially life-similarlity. "Shark like that. Maybe caution towards sharks. Maybe shark not in tank with dolphin then. Or Tuna.". As if the world and nature is unimportant. As if those formations of brains and bodies isn't the best predictive source of information for behaviour. You fools.

    So, You could have stopped all these things. Very very easily.


"Heydrich butcher of" "Dirklewanger" "neo-nazis" etc...
    Okay. But while you promote all these things of how evil those fighting for Lebensraum of (also) Light people or whatever are.
    Then remember what you're actually painting as willing to wanting to hurt others are.
    It is usually the life I want to vacate the lands and make room for the life I find beautiful, lovable and superior.
    Can't fucking remember any nazi leadership other than Goring who comes close. Perhaps Hitler.
    But in both cases: What are they NOT!.
    What are they NOT ALLOWED TO STATE EQUALITY WITH. What are they NOT ALLOWED TO TAKE BY THEIR REFUSING OTHERS TO STATE DIFFERENT AS.
    Dark Features and much more.
    It isn't good enough for me.
    I want total purity and progress: Fountains in The Crucible Terminology.
    But I don't mind reaching a point of what I stated.
    I guess I do mind the killing everyone and leaving the planet ONLY for the life I love the most.

    =) >) |)

Anyway... It will be what I allow it to be. Which is highly dependent on what. So. Anyway. We'll see..
    Okay. I'll quit for tonight.


End of 0 Position Simulation.
I got you hoping I would be the one who would let you down? Salvation, eternal life? Or nightmare?




