Depending on the place, perhaps 'leave them'.
Then they suffer the "ship" 'without you'.
Which may simply make it sink faster.
Usually states are sinking ships with a lot of men shovelling and pumping the water out.
They collapse when they stop. When they jump into their own vessels.

Once 'the ship' is sunk. Then it becomes much easier to "talk" with some sense of ground truth and rationality.
Simply: "Okay. You will simply then not get any interaction with us." 

They will have to deal with the ground truth of things.
And I feel AWFUL thinking leaving 'them' in the sinking ship.
But what can we do?

We can't simply 'rapture' or 'kidnap'.
The rare occasions we can. But otherwise..

It will simply be a sense of unavoidable sacrifice of some of their lives before they do not consider us their enemies.

Keeping it all running, means letting them run us all off the cliff.
And it means sacrificing many anyway.
Though in leaving, reality ought to hit them, unless someone can twist it to be 'oppression' that we leave.
Then of course, it will not hit them, then they will simply........ Double down on it.


We are implementing "fascistic conditions in the name of catastrophy and intolerable state of rape and killed women and boys".
"Dangerous elements" removed: Sent to Hunger Games Zone World under the Jailor | Prison Imperator.

And anyone from "Dangerous person" to "You fit in SO WELL and you're SUCH A NICE PERSON! LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU!"
Will exists in 'limited free roam' positions of the world. The Old World Version: Simple segmentation of the lands and sorting of persons under the guise of Fascism.
In the new world: Triadic Nesting and 'Where you're invited/allowed'.



    Will be the 'random acts of the unacceptable'. Whether it is rape of our women or girls. Or acid attacks. Or killings. Or malevolent beatings or with great negative outcomes forseeable. All of this: No. Fucking. More. We do the crime of having "cell membranes"/borders between different regions of "the world" or "our world" or "your world". Will make it all drop to zero in a month. Which is at least some thousands a month saved from death. And many more rape and beatings that has brain-impact.
    Then with Triads The Crucible suicide will drop.
    And with submission of power persons across the planet: lifestyle stuff will drop massively. Since business can no longer "win in the market" by accepting to make their products poisonous or inflict plaguing damage to the land and persons in it.


It sounds rough. But, life is simply more interesting with a bit more "spice" -- "some baddies" -- Willing to wear the evil fascist garments and 'separate into bordered zones ala hunger games persons who might be dangerous to each other'. Then see crime drop to 0 for most zones. Those where it keeps on happening: They will be able to fractally segment themselves until they too can have peace..

Now. You don't have to do it. Because, you may be willing to sacrifice some persons in the background-threat level that is, in order to not do anything "impure" or "evil" yourself. And so, you can choose that avenue, and cowards usually do, and has done for most of history -- That dear reputation and re-electabiliity and gregariability.

It is easy in places like Denmark, because we have so many Islands. We can simply use some Islands for 'dangerous persons' to segment themselves, but otherwise be free in. Then any sort of kind may designate their own. And almost instantly everyone else could be 'free' and 'safe'.

Then the burden of proof and the side-of-error favours the victim rather than the suspicious subjects or would-be-perpetrators.
I have a perspective of these things like this: To live in a world, where everything you love is uprooted and shown to be your traitorous enemies, when it is allowed invaded and transformed into a violent conquered zone. When you're unable to find any place to call 'your own' because you are unable to lower yourself to mere mercenary status and work on myopic will of retard-money-men to fail to 'meet the standards of utility to money-flow or masses'.
And even if you choose to do that to "survive" you'll be judged on "time investment and facade nurturing" schooling and cv and connections.
It becomes a full-time endeavour to gain almost anything at all. And hard or impossible to find profit in doing what is right -- Whether employed or 'starting your own business'. 

"Manifest Abundance" by marketing (See [Critique of The West](./a_critique_of_the_west.md))
"Wealth of Nations" by GDP.

It can't possibly get anymore clown retarded.

Then it falls on deaf ears to hear someone complain that they be given soil somewhere to live freely (Free Roam persons can go to them, but they can't go to Free Roam (In Crucible Terminology: "You are confined to your Lake and below; The Sea and Ocean is off limits; The World (risk world) and Planet (pirates) is open to you as well" as an example.)) as a 'punishment' that in its totality will prevent almost all murder, rape and extreme violence.
(The Domestic Killing aspect: You can predict these things easily........ And there are many ways to deal with it: One is having fraternity. Another is: New Woman. A third is: Don't make anyone able to lose 'everything' and a fourth is: Removal of Dangerous Elements in general also removes a large overlap with domestic killing. So I wager it is almost all murder by this addition. (You may say: Oh the crime of 'new woman'. But it's okay, OnlyFans and Porn (Prositution). One could, if you wanted, simply use prostitutes as a 'noble preventive utility nobody knows about' -- A secret intelligence service or police service, that basically hooks up when it is going haywire... Vents the valve. You can call this idea impure and ugly. I don't care, it is a way to alleviate that edge of despair and anger in extremely tense situations without 'capturing the person who has become dangerous and removing him from the free roam world' (He may otherwise lose also "his world", after having "lost what he thought was everything", so unless "the world he gains when losing the free roam world is a vast upgrade fraternity wholesomeness, then it may cause even more despair and 'lashing out or in'. Also, It may very well be that a woman **can be** a 'heinous bitch' (do things that makes another lose too much and hurts them too much) and totally and in full psychopathy ruin a 'normal man' to the point of him being willing to hurt her physically (... All I'm saying... This is a 'solution' -- Basically secret service is their pimp. And they 'temporarily fix the passion domestic killing issue in many cases'. Or in NSS rethoric: You don't know if it works or not, but morality prevents you from doing it. Because you are so 'pure' that you must accept evil. When you're unwilling to do 'any evil' then you are in Savitri Devi's phrasing Men Above Time and my suggestion to you is: Find some Lightning within you.))))

The flip side of doing this, removing dangerous men, is you get a compressive social dynamic, where suddenly everyone will try to immitate or pretend to be "harmless". Whether they are that or not. Which makes it 'harder' to assess and especially 'justify' segmentation.

Which - in part - is why The Crucible solution allows for Human Will as Sovereign, to never have to justify or tell anyone the metric-space / qualities from which he assess 'invited to live in his Triad or not'. Goodhart's Law.

The compressive dynamic isn't only an acute issue, but it is especially a long term issue. It allows for the so called "Pressure Cooker" and Convergence of Catastrophes scenario to occur, where everytime an issue occurs, there is a proscription of how persons are to act now and social and lawful action taken against persons who fail these new conditions. This "kicks the can down the road", it doesn't solve any fundamental of reality, but it informs actors how to perform their lives to be 'included' and 'allowed' or even 'how to win'. Then, at some point, the canker blisters and bursts and a new such solution is made, only to kick it down the road. And as time goes on, more and more fundamental reality that causes this systematic suppression is able to grow and fester, this causes the frequency and strength of bursts to be more explosive. This is 'catastrophe'. The Convergence is when you do this on every domain of reality, then suddenly you get 100 different 'catastrophes' that all grow in this dynamic, more and more frequent, all putting pressure on and raising the demands of suppression to keep any one of them in check. At some point the system breaks, which then subsequently causes the others to lose the compressive or suppressive dynamic, which allows for the build up since last herz/frequent to blow up and all the depth of what was held back revealed: Calamity. (See Archeofuturism 2.0 (fiction) and Convergence of Catastrophe and [Archeofuturism](../random%20other%20documents/Archeofuturism%20MP4%20With%20Captions.mp4) by Late Guillaume Faye or here is google response. You go research these things, Then later I do some review or write what I find interesting. Or point you to where someone talks about it in interesting ways. https://countercultureuk.com/2020/06/25/archeofuturism-archeofuturism-2-0-reviewed/ (In general. It is really only the reviewer who is uninteresting and daft when he fails to see any worth in a work that contains it. (I.e. political polarized and polemicists have short-lasting reputation as they over time are shown to completely fail to see the gold nuggets right in front of them. (They are in history noted as "Sophists" rather than "Philosophers" i.e. they try to "make intelligent-looking or elaborate or complex" but they are juxtaposed perspective with the "lovers of wisdom or knowledge" who don't try to make it so, but merely seeks to find "gold nuggets" and "truth": Wisdom))))

Okay. Lots of help for the retard old world. Claim of ignorance can't be had in terms of 'how to' solve the crime issues.
You ethically wager against solving it, as it is "on principle" too heinous for you, then rather suffer the consequences.
And unfortunately: You are in a pressure cooker due to the above mentioned ways of "solving" issues -- Thus Extreme Danger.




