The great problem that the West had since ... Forever.
Is that, it invents and builds, then sees an 'Orban' (Hungarian Cannon Maker), sell his 'services' to the Ottoman Mehmet II and see the walls of Constantinople come crumbling down.

That is: Lumen.
Men of the West or 'whoever', invents something, and to 'profit' they sell it or to empower their brother or friend, they 'share it'; But "only 2 can keep a secret if one of them is dead." :P What I mean, is simply: Transitivity of Power by its fundamentals having been shared. The refusal of lowering Lumen. Of keeping all the qualitative aspects to yourself. To only share quantity of extremely low lumen or even only mundanities.

If the west, had not had Academia and Free Markets, but instead had had, Wizard Worlds who kept their knowledge in locked up Towers of Power; Then we could have shared empowerment without sharing power.

We could have had all the glory and benefit of modernity, but without losing power to wield it fully out of disorganized chaos, war and ruin.

It isn't close how superior that methodology would have been. There isn't a single dimension to which the road chosen by the West is superior to that of Magic and Secrecy: Low to No Lumen.

"If you could, you would.". "If you can, then try" "If you try, then you might at least have something."
But as they all try, only those that really could, would "profit" from it, and from that, THEY would be the ones with the 'capital to grow'.

Anyway. Suffice to say. The age of Capitalism and Academia is over.