# Evil Acts

## Presuppositions

## Permanence

## Perpetuity of Evil

### Christian Hell
"Ye serpents ye generations of vipers how can ye escape the damnation of Hell?"
    What you ARE. What you DID. How can someone state Eternal Punishment for something someone did? How can someone state eternal punishment for anyONE?

"Whosoever speaketh against the holy ghost. It shall not be forgiven him. Neither in this world nor in the world to come"
    The Holy Ghost polemics not discussed now. TODO:

"The son of man shall set forth his angels and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend and them which do iniquity and shall cast them into a furnace of fire and there shall be wailing and knashing of teeth."
    Furnace of Fire meaning neither discussed. Though the Wailing and Knashing of Teeth sound "tolerably" evil.

"Divide the SHeeps from the goats."  Spoken to the Goats: "Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire. And these shall go away into everlasting fire. If your hand offends you, then cut it off it is better to enter life maimed than to have two hands to go into hell into the fire that never shall be quenched. Where the worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched."
    Sheep and Goats to be divided. Goats to depart from Christ. If your hand offends you. What is a "hand" symbolically to you. The main method of modifying or affecting things of the material world. If you can't help but affect it such that it offends you or is an affront to what you believe is good, then stop your ability to use your "hand". Which in the most extreme case of "hand causing murder and similar things" may be quite literally taken, cut off your hand, so that you can not, whether you should find the urge too and fail your abstaining from it. But might as well be "your chain of command" or "golemn", if you can not prevent it from doing that which offends you, then cut it off.

"Put the devils into them and make them rush off the cliff"
    Why does God tolerate the Devil. Why does he ultimately Will him, with however many layers of indirection of justification for his existence and room to behave.
    Why does God tempt himself incarnate in the Desert.
    And so on.

"Fig tree. He was hungry and seeing a fig afar off having leaves. He came if happily, he might find, anything thereon. And when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves. For the time of figs was not yet. And Jesus answered and said onto it, no man eat fruit of thee hereafter forever. and Peter saith unto him Master behold the fig tree which thou cursed is withered away."
    ... Cum hoc ergo propter hoc. Nothing thereon happened. And "No man may eat the fruit of thee hereafter forever" happened subsequently. Consequently, a fruit tree told by Christ never to be eaten, and its seed ingested and scattered by higher life on the planet, withered away.



# Religious Ethics and Morals.
## Religion as a Moral Tool
*\{x_1,x_2,...x_n\} thus this course of actions and direction must be had. Whatever, you may think or feel of them, it is the godly direction*

## Religion as a Moral Cage
*I AM X Religion, therefore Acts including of the mind, must be held within confines of X moral teachings. I can not break or sway from them at all.*

## Religion as ethical dogma
*"Idols are of interest to me in terms of ethics, consider tha".||.. "Idols are bad and sinful. Now be gone thou plague of the mind."*

## Religion as ethical inspiration
*Why then did Moses feel so strongly about the seduction of his men by the other tribe. Why was he so offended by a Golden Calf that he made them eat it.*




