Every single philosophy or political program is usually a dispute about what should be One and what should be Many. Or Equal and Unequal.

Each of them tracitly assumes but usually dares not state: The "Might is Right" principle holds when might is earned through everything that isn't to be One in this philosophy.

[Metagames of World Dynamics](./28%20Metagame%20of%20World%20Dynamics.md) encapsulate all political philosophies in a gamification framework: "What is the game and the rules of the game in which we battle will-against-will and see a conquest and defeat of individual lives and civilizational shift through". 

It reveals that they too believe "Might is Right", but within a constraint of Might-domains that makes it "Might is Right" to them. (See [Might With Right](./29.%20cause-and-effect-might-with-right.md))

To begin, one can argue that late european feudalism or absolute monarchy saw the game of social climbing into reproductive inheritance of a lineage of power positions a key way to gain "Might With Right". But also lenders and merchants saw this benefit, though under a diamond ceiling of the "noble families".

Then came Liberalism, the Fraternity amongst all, no matter if foreigner or friend or foe, if you were in the country then Brother on equal terms egalite and with liberty to play the complementary game that rose from "trade and markets" to capitalism (Capital at the Top of the civilization).
The above, isn't that important in this context, but what is, is the following: Might is Right when exercise through capital "voluntary transactions".

Similarly, "Democracy" and "representative democracy" and "institutions" and the philosophies that back them, have the same "might is right" but "a different game", where it isn't "weighted votes accumulating in quantities" but rather intervals of "Might With Right" persons by means of popularity contests from the general population getting a shallow view of them and what they proclaim to wish to rule towards (Their proclaimed Halo).
However, once one has reached such a "Might With Right" position, then they are only really bound by historicity of such acts (usually a constitution (Which is usually Liberal in its inception (intention and conception))).

Then you can take a philosophy like Communism or similar things: They are a retaliation upon "Might is Right" of money-domain.
Where they then say: Capital is One. Usually in the historical large scale examples it is done through "Might With Right" positions of being "that one" of them all. Aka. Total Dictatorship with constraints of Communism Halo rationalizations for actions. However, it is crucial to note: They too believe in might is right.
Even if you take "paris commune" or similar things usually brought up as "real communism" or "communism has never been tried". There will exist many many domains of human interaction where will-against-will will unfold, and in those domains, they do not state "That is One". In fact persons of that persuasion usually have an extreme attitude of "Might With Right" no matter how destroyed and ruined persons or all they love become through those will-against-will games. (Like sexual conquest or cultural subversion and so on.

Or you can take National Socialism or Democratic Socialism (Which are quite alike except Democratic Socialism has a paper version (citizen) of 'socialized profiting' whereas National Socialism has a "supposed" biological version ("German"). Also, National Socialism was born in military revolution and war times. Where as democratic socialism was born as a democratic persuasive party. You can find many other differences, but many are "pragmatics", like whether you have a Führer or not. Whether you're in militarization mode or not. (Context of Third Reich is of course WWI, Versailles and Communism revolutions as well as exploitative Liberal (libertine ("weimar conditions")) Capitalism with much of will behind large capital being almost sadistic and callously cruel (Ford is an example of the opposite kind of "captains of industry" or "will behind capital")))

MoWD then allows for a diplomatic or lawyering effort towards finding a suitable power-struggle game, where the potential losses are acceptable, both in playing the game (Like war without WMDs) and in terms of the consequences of losing the game; or agreements on "Having to play at least one kind of game always to allow for dynamism. To not have seen losses hopelessly eternalized, but live to reclaim and conquer another day.".

It is worth noting, "War without WMDs" ought not be "acceptable losses" as WWII clearly shows. Hitler and Third Reich had the largest arsenal of chemical weapons, they could have gassed every city their besieged and instantly conquered it. They didn't. They could have spread gas clouds all around them as the allies encroached upon them. They didn't. They stuck to the Laws of War. To the dismal doom of many sweet souls living in The Third Reich.
You can say, Ukraine Russia or the more general Cold War Doctrine of propaganda, capital capture, revolution or war in any and every country across the world, depending on the level of instability and quantity and quality of persons willing to escalate towards worse version of discord; Is also proof of how it isn't worth it to play these games, it is unacceptable losses, and we should find some less destructive games for the many to settle Disputes. If persons insist only Mortal Combat Games are sufficiently tasteful display of raw power confrontation - "holistic enough" - Then I insist on things like Achilles versus Boagrius, or the K v K persons from each faction war. Though I would prefer, Boagrius had lived, and able to fight yet another day, not die as a Celtic Tribe against Spartans.
But, if they were to die, at least towards someone truly within the enemy distinction.

Anyway. There can be any other version. You can take any video game and make it the deciding factor. You can take Chess if you want. Anything at all.
You could do economic games. Or first to "science discover" something progress. Perhaps invention that would allow them to win without threat, but not wanting to use it on them, like Nuclear Weapons served towards the end of WWII. (Though they used them, they wouldn't have had to, had they been willing to risk other's being far behind and not having spies (which they did). Then they could have dropped the bombs off coast, several times, and dropping pamphlets across the country: displaying both the capacity to destroy massively, and the capacity to fly over their territory in order to drop it.)




